=How to install=

 # If you are using the stock/TJW backport client then select "*stock-update-vms.pk3*" from the download tab.
 # If you are using a client that isn't compatible with the 1.1 game QVM, like Tremfusion, or Yupex, select "*update-vms-pk3*" from the download tab.
 # Locate your base folder, it should be in the same directory as your client binary.
 # Locate the file "*vms-1.1.0.pk3*" and rename it to "*backup*".
 # Place the Yupex VM update ("*update-vms.pk3*" / "*stock-update-vms.pk3*") in your base folder.
 # Start tremulous, join a server, and you should be ready to use the Yupex VM update!

=How to uninstall=

 # Locate your base folder, it should be in the same directory as your client binary.
 # Locate the file "*stock-update-vms.pk3*" / "*update-vms.pk3*" and delete it.
 # Locate the file "*backup*" and rename it to "*vms-1.1.0.pk3*".
 # Start tremulous, join a server, and your stock VM set should be loaded.

=How to check version=
 # Start Tremulous
 # Enter a server, doesn't matter which one it is
 # Type /cg_version, compare the set text with the one on the Home page
 # If the text is lesser than the one on the Home page, please follow the install instructions again to upgrade

=Added features=

 * Cvars
  # *cg_chatBalloon* _0|1_ - Display a chat balloon over the head of a player that is typing
  # *user_hp* - Displays the current health
  # *user_maxhp* - Displays the max health
  # *user_class* - Displays the current class selection (in integers)
  # *user_classname* - Displays the class selection
  # *user_weapon* - Displays the current weapon selection (in integers)
  # *user_weaponname* - Displays the current weapon selection
  # *user_team* - Displays the current team selection (in integers)
  # *user_teamname* - Displays the current team selection
  # *user_stage* - Displays your team's stage
  # *user_credits* - Displays your current credits/evos
  # *user_score* - Displays your score
  # *user_attacker* - Displays the slot number of the last player that caused damage to you
  # *user_attackername* - Displays the name of the last player that caused damage to you
  # *user_crosshair* - Displays the slot number of the player in your crosshairs (teammate limited)
  # *user_crosshairname* - Displays the name of the player in your crosshairs (teammate limited)

 * Other
  # Smooth mass driver zooming
  # *calc* - A simple math calculator
  # *ccp* - Client center print